blue red whoa I'm red red like me green
black orange yellow white pink oh
there's another one in there there's
something in here well let's open it up
Elmo purple there's something in here
I'm Lightning McQueen the world's
fastest race car
what's this color blue
what's this color yellow
what's this color green
what's this color black
what's this color what's this color
orange oh I know this color this color
is red like me
what's this color pink
what's this color purple and there's
something inside there oh it's Queenie
he's our bread just like me yes he is
Elmo good job white bread
black pink the yellow
orange green purple and blue thank you
all so much for helping me learn my
colors today it was so much fun